c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumTest.exe.config
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumTest.exe
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumTest.pdb
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumTest.exe
c:\users\seda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTest\SeleniumTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumTest.pdb
